Now what what that did was enable a lot
of developers to eventually create
applications. But now we're in a point
where it understands us natural language
and it understands code. So if you tell
it clearly what you want it to do, it
will just convert that into very very
good code.
>> So it doesn't make messy code. Some
people think it makes no it makes very
good code. It just will create whatever
code it understood you to want. Yes, and
that's the point. So again, my ex having
better
um skills, having better instructions,
having better those things are
incredibly important now because that's
going to dictate like what are your
coding best practices.